Spelling fix in the generics overview doc (#2016)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/design/generics/overview.md

}

// Implement `Comparable` for `Song` without changing the API of `Song`

> // using an `000 impl` declaration. This may be defined in either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// using an `external impl` declaration. This may be defined in either
```

Not sure what happened here

Author: Me either, weird

```

Implementations may be defined within the class definition itself or

> out-of-line. Implementations may optionally be started with the `external` keyword

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out-of-line. Implementations may optionally start with the `external` keyword
```

This seems a bit more idiomatic to me.
